---
layout: 		post
title: 			2.1.22 is released
category: 		administration
tags:			release 
---

<p class="message">
    Version 2.1.22 is released!
</p>
<span class="linkmore"></span>

# Download

[Git Tag Release 2.1.22] (https://github.com/nilsteampassnet/TeamPass/releases/tag/2.1.22)

# Main Changes

Release 2.1.22 is mainly a bug fix release. Nevertheless, it introduces one major evolution.

## Folders right access

Now for each group of users and each folder, it is possible to define the level of access:

* NA : No Access
* R : Read only
* W : Write

Using the Roles Management matrix, it is possible to define the precision the type of access allowed to a group of users.

# Change-Log

* #700 - Errors related to "includes/js/jstree/themes/default"
* #718 - Two factor authentication: "This user has no email set!"
* #674 - API - User rights
* #697 - Default language setting, not being applied to automatically created ldap users.
* #698 - Default language setting, not being applied to newly created users.
* #707 - httpRequest is missing in upgrade process
* #725 - Disable button after item creation or edition 
* #720 - cannot sign up to 2factor 
* #690 - limit password export via PDF/CSV to user/group
* #745 - Enable again save_button after error on Add/Edit Item
* #739 - OTV correction
* #731 - Export password to file
* #653 - Passwords preprended during upgrade
* #767 - Backup restore feature fix
* #774 - Call to undefined method DB::queryInsert
* Other:* #711 -* #699 -* #726 -* #744 -* #684 -* #737
* New - Rights "Read / Write / No Access" added to folders for better rights management
* New - quick copy to clipboard for password and login
* New - New option : Prevent against duplicate items in same folder
* New - If folder is read-only for the User then it is striked-through
* Changed - list of restricted users refined by folder selected
* Fix - Not possible to see more than 8 Roles in Roles matrix

# What's next?

Mainly a change of interface with some small improvements.