---
layout: 		post
title: 			2.1.20 is released
category: 		administration
tags:			release 
---

<p class="message">
    Version 2.1.20 is released!
</p>
<span class="linkmore"></span>

# Download

[Git Tag Release 2.1.20] (https://github.com/nilsteampassnet/TeamPass/releases/tag/2.1.20)

# Main changes

## Security

2.1.20 embeds a lot of security improvements in order to close several `SQL injection vectors`, `file inclusion protection bypass`, `XSS vectors`, ... based upon an audit performed.
Beside this, the strategy for file access has been totally reviewed and the query wrapper changed and secured.

## Bugs correction

Refer to [Github Change-Log page] (https://github.com/nilsteampassnet/TeamPass/releases/tag/2.1.20).

## API

An API has been introduced which permits to access the items from a 3rd party tool.

This API permits to `read` and `add` Items. New features such as delete items, manage folders, etc. will be added next.

## Attachment Encryption

Based upon an option, it is now possible to encrypt the files uploaded and attached to items.

## One Time View

This feature permits to share an Item to someone that doesn't has access to Teampass. It is a one time shot view which means it is only accessible once and in a delay of a week (could be customized in a future release).

## Suggestion System

The Suggestion System permits a read-only user to suggest a new Item.

# What's next?

* The features introduced here will be improved, 
* Major point will be to implement a new database wrapper which will offer the possibility to use MySQLi. The choice is to go for [MeekroDB](http://www.meekro.com/) which will provide a secured way to manage queries.